Hello everyone welcome to my new
video in which we are going to discuss a product.
This time we
will discuss the health insurance product
from ICICI LBARD as you
can see on the screen, ICIC LBARD has Health Elevate
Plan which is a comprehensive health
insurance plan.  Ah,
before starting the video, let me
introduce myself.  I am Videsh
Singla.  I am a Chartered Wealth Manager by
profession.  I have been
working in this industry for the last 8 years and it is always my
responsibility to present the best products available
in the market to all of you.
This video will be a brief discussion
on the plan.  I will make a more detailed
video on this later in which
we will analyze each feature to see
what features the plan is offering.
In the introduction, ICICI LBD has launched a very good
plan which has many
customizable features.  Which features do
you want and don't want and as you can see,
it has also launched many infinite sum assured here.  So
let's see the plan and start the video.
Ah the first point ah that we discuss is
how as a company IC LBA is performing.
Ah, so the net incurred claim ratio is
somewhere above 70% overall,
which is a very good ratio.  It
also issues a lot of policies overall in the year and is a
big insurer on the general
insurance side of the market.   The
total number of claims complaints is
10,000 and that too is around 16 out of
10,000 which is a very genuine
ratio as compared to the other
insurances.  The company posts 10,700
network hospitals as on 25 November
2025.   Let's
talk about base cover.
A maximum cover policy provides sum assured ranging from Rs 5 lakh in
different multiples to unlimited.  The number of
persons covered
under one policy can be two adults
and three children.  Age: Here the
age of the adult is from 18 years to 125 years,
any adult can be a part of this policy.  The
dependent child ranges
from 90 days to up to 30 years, here the
NP of a dependent child has been kept quite high.
One dependent child up to 30 years of age can be
included in the policy.   If
we talk about the cooling period, there is a
policy cooling period of 30 days which is there
in standard policies.  Diabetes,
hypertension and cardiac conditions are
given a separate waiting period of 90 days
which is not available in normal standard policies.
ICC Labard has put it a little
differently.  Talking about pre-existing diseases,
any pre-existing
disease has been given a standard waiting period of 36 months.
But if you are a rider, if
you take Jump Start here then
you should have some of the diseases mentioned
below like asthma, diabetes,
hypertension, hyperlipidemia, obesity, ah
coronary artery disease, particular
PTCNA can be done
prior to one year.  If all these
things have happened then you can cover it by taking a 30 days jump
start rider by paying an extra
premium.
Apart from this, they have another rider where
you can declare the pre-existing disease for 24 months
or 12 months
and if the policy accepts it, then the
waiting period for pre-existing disease in that rider will remain only 24 months or 12 months.
Specified analysis again has a
waiting period of 24 months, within which again a
rider is provided where you
can reduce this waiting period to 12 months for specified diseases.   The
waiting period for bariatric surgery i.e. obesity surgery is 24 months
under this policy.  Again the jump start
rider we discussed earlier.  If
you take it and declare it inside, then
it will be covered under this policy with an add-on of 30 days.  Maternity waiting
is available under the maternity as a rider policy.  Not within the base policy.
Within which there is a waiting period of 24 months.
This waiting period can again be
reduced to 12 months with another rider.
Mental Illness Cover Waiting Period.  Mental
illness is not covered under any of these.
Separately as a part of
your IPD, that will remain.  OPD waiting
period is also a rider for OPD which will be
covered after your normal cooling off period of 30 days.  Dental OPD
is not covered under the policy.  Critical
Illness Waiting Period and Survival Period The
policy is providing you with an addition as a rider Critical
Illness.  Which has a
waiting period of 90 days.  The good thing is that the
condition of survival period is zero.   That
means there is
no condition on your survival period from zero days.
Talking about co-pay payments, the policy
is again providing a rider option for co-pay payments.  You
can avail up to 10 20 30 40 50% discount on your bill through rider.  Vantary
deductibles are allowed.  But I did
not find this condition in the policy.  So that's why
I have not mentioned it here.
Talking about day care procedures, up to some
assured day care procedures are covered.
Advanced technology methods up
to some assured are covered.  Home care
treatment policy is not providing.
Domiciliary treatment is covered up to sum
assured.  Ayush treatment is
also provided with up to date assurance.
Organ donor expenses, i.e.
any expenses of the organ donor, are
also covered up to the sum assured.
This policy is also providing up to some assured road ambulance.  In Reset
Automatic or Restore or Automatic Recharge
or Restore Benefit, the policy is providing you reset
up to sum assured, whatever is
your base sum, you will
get the same reset value which will be triggered
after the first claim, Renewal Benefit or No Claim
policy is providing you 20% of sum assured every year,
maximum it will go up
to 100%, along with this you can take a rider
Power Booster with which your
bonus will increase up to 100% every year and the very
good thing is that it can go up to unlimited
time and there is one more rider which can be
added to your No Claim Bonus, that
is Inflation, so if you
take these three riders, i.e. Power Booster or
Inflation Protector, you
can take them separately in addition to your
renewal
bonus which the company is going to give you.
One company has given an extra benefit with it.  That is, the
company is going to give ₹5 lakh for the hospitalization of the surrogate mother also.  Along with this, the
company is also going to give ₹ lakh for the hospitalization of the side donor.  Which
we have not seen in any normal policy.
Now let's come to add ons.  Ah, I have
already discussed some ads because they are
based on policies, but now whatever is left,
I am going to discuss them here.
Air ambulance as a rider is a
very good thing in the policy.  Many people do
not want to take this rider.  So that
too has been kept up to the sum assured.  Over
and Above Its limit is over and above sum
assured.  This means that if you pay the money,
your base sum assured will not be affected.
Non-medical expenses or consumables
again are not covered in a policy.
It has been kept as a rider.  Here
your list of item one will be covered.
These consumables are applicable only for your Indian customers.
We will talk about durable medical equipment later.  Chronic Disease
Management Program is a separate rider
provided by it.  If you have asthma,
diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia,
obesity, or coronary artery disease in
which PTCA was done more than a year ago.  If
you have declared any such condition
in the policy and that condition
is accepted by the policy, then you can
enroll for this program by paying a separate premium,
under which some
consultations will be provided to you regarding your disease management.
A Conveyance Benefit means that if
Person
A suffers a long hospitalization, then a sum assured of ₹000
per person per policy year over and above the sum
assured will be given.  Dependent Accommodation
Benefit: If any dependent is accompanying you,
then this benefit of up to ₹1,000 will be provided to you at the rate of ₹1000 per day.   Let's
talk about maternity cover.  Maternity cover
is also included in the policy which is
not included as a base.  Here the maximum sum
assured will go up to ₹1 lakh.  There is a cap of 10% of the
sum assured whichever person is taking under the policy, the
sum over and above sum
assured will remain the same.  Here, delivery of
baby and lawful termination under life
threatening conditions will remain.  As advised by
Dr.  The policy will cover a maximum of three deliveries.  The
policy is moot on delivery complications.  That's why I have
put a no here that the
policy is not covering delivery complications.  The policy will
also cover the new born baby from day one.  If
you have taken maternity cover, then
you can also take newborn baby cover along with it.
Under which you will get two times 10% off, that is,
you will get double the cover for the newborn baby of whatever maternity cover you have taken.  And
its maximum limit will be up to Rs 2 lakh.
Under this, any medical expenses are covered during
hospitalization of the new born baby, which must be for 24 hours
and the maximum period for which this cover will be
applicable will be for the first 90 days,
after 90 days you
can add the baby to the normal policy.  First year
vaccination of the child will also be covered at 1%
of sum assured.  So
this policy will provide cover up to a maximum of Rs 10,000.
Talking about OPD, any
person below 65 years of age can
avail an OPD treatment cover.
Inside which there will be diagnostic text covers.
OPD consultations will be covered.  Pharmacy pay
discounts and physiotherapy sessions will be covered.
Talking about e-opinion, you will get e-opinion here
or unlimited teleconsultation as a
rider.
Annual health checkup is again available as a rider.
Here also the limit
is 5% of sum assured.  The maximum limit will
go up to ₹5,000.  Recovery Management or as
I discussed earlier, they are going to provide this up to ₹00
as an add-on
rider.  When we talk about compassionate travel,
if any rider is on his own then this
is also applicable as a rider.
You want to invite any of your immediate family members i.e. any spouse or your children or parents or parents in law.  If
someone is hospitalized somewhere else in the city,
you will get cover up to Rs 20,000 there also.  Economy class air
ticket or railway ticket from a place of region
to b place and from place of region
you will get BA.  Nursing at Home has a
rider.  You can hire this nursing staff for up to ₹2000 per day.  The
policy provides personal accident cover.
Providing critical illness cover up to ₹ lakh.  The base sum assured will be up to a
maximum of ₹ lakh
or the maximum sum
assured will remain up
to ₹ lakh, if and when the sum assured increases.  Global coverage
is also provided in the policy.  Here also the coverage will
be maximum up to Rs 3 crore.  Over and above this is the
submission limit.  Waiting period
is applicable here.  To reduce the waiting period,
you
can take a separate waiting period rider of 12 months.
Global coverage is optional coverage, which
again you will have to pay separately by paying premium.
How will I get coverage?  Is away for 45 executive does
from date of travel and single trip.   That
means there should be a single trip of 45 days.
At 90 days in a cumulative basis.   The
90 days should be cumulative in a whole policy year.
Any travel expenses that
you have to
pay from your own pocket if your travel date is more than 45 days.  The
room rent under the Room Rent Modifier Base Policy is for a
single private AC room.  You
can take it to the Any Room category through this rider.  You can increase it or decrease it.
You can also opt for a twin sharing room.
Or you can take the third option.
Here you can cap the premium at
1% of sum assured or 2% of sum
assured for ICU per day
to reduce your premium.  A
policy offering Network Advantage is 10%
discount on sum assured where the plan is booked
at network hospitals.  If any
NRI is taking this policy then he can
avail 25% off discount and premium.
He will get this discount for a maximum of 5 years.
If
you
liked this brief among NRIs, you can contact me for
any doubts, queries or questions regarding ICIC LBA Eliminate Plan of ICICI Labord.
I will leave
my contact details in my pin comments or description.
Detail discussion on the plan.  I will
make a separate video next.  Hopefully you
understand this plan.  Share this with your family members or
anyone you know.  Thank
you.